Yasuda-kun, is there anything?
No, my wife's name is Chiyoko, a beautiful and kind maiden.
I think she's the best in the world when it comes to blood.
She's been with me for three years, but she never let me talk to her.
I've been trying to tell her to do that.
Hmm.
Maybe it's my wife's sleeping place that she can't talk to me at all.
I'm sorry, I'm not lonely.
When I want to wake up in the morning, my wife holds my hand and wakes me up.
The clock is 6 o'clock.
I want you to hold me tight.
The map is deep, don't scare me.
When I want to see the new paper, she shows me the page.
When I see the page, she turns the page.
When I see the new paper, she pulls me with her chin because I want to be a good girl.
Oh, you want me to move my face?
That's right.
So I put it in the rice.
I can't eat chopsticks.
My wife is just eating what she has in her chopsticks.
I never look at anything else while eating.
I eat a lot.
I eat a lot of rice.
I eat a lot of sashimi.
I've seen a lot of fireworks while I'm away.
Three red-haired tadons came in.
It was so hot at that time.
Oh, my wife's naivety was too hot.
You have a great heart.
What's next?
Why do you have such a rude woman?
My wife has a good education.
Really?
She's very good at making salt.
I confess to you.
My face is long and beautiful.
My wife made it all of a sudden.
It's a masterpiece.
My favorite and beloved person.
He was a long person with a long belly.
If a cute boy was born in the middle of you and me,
I'll wash your belly with a bath towel.
I see.
It's a masterpiece.
It's fun.
And the most fun thing is when you poop in the morning.
It may be dirty, but when a man like my wife poops,
it's born by the blood of the flow.
It's a good thing.
My CCTV quality is like a
There is no one who can spread this to the whole world or anyone else.
I see, that's strange.
But there is a question.
You must have graduated from a school, right?
Yes, I graduated from a girls' college.
Oh, girls' college, that's a good one.
Which girls' college?
The one sitting next to the driver.
Idiot, that's a girls' college for cars.